magento/merchdocs#1160 Add a new topic about adding products to the categories (#1161)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/category-products-add.md

---
title: Adding Category Products
---

> For any category, in Magento 2, the Admin can add products that will be displayed in it. The **Products in Category** section lists all the products that are actually assigned to the category. The <span class="btn">Add Product</span> is displayed if the **Match products by rule** set to **No**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the [Products in Category]({% link catalog/categories-category-products.md %}) section , a store administrator can add products to the category. This section lists all the products that are actually assigned to the category and displays <span class="btn">Add Product</span> when **Match products by rule** is set to `No`.
```

![]({% link images/images-ee/category-product.png %}){: .zoom}
_Products in Category_

To add products use either the **Search All Products** or **Add Product by SKU** method.

## Method 1: Search All Products

> 1. Click <span class="btn">Add Products</span> and do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click <span class="btn">Add Products</span>.
```

> 1. Use Search by keyword or filters to find and select the products you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use _Search by keyword_ or filters to find the products you want to add.
```

    ![]({% link images/images-ee/search-all-product.png %}){: .zoom}

>     _Search All Products Tab_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    _Search All Products tab_
```

> 1. To add a product, set the **Assign option** to **Yes** and click <span class="btn">Save and Close</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the _Assign_ column, toggle the option to **Yes** for each product that you want to add.

   If you want to include all of the displayed products, you can click the menu arrow in the column header and choose **Select All**.

1. To apply your changes, click <span class="btn">Save and Close</span>.
```

### Actions

|Action|Description|
|--- |--- |

> |Select All|Marks the checkbox of all records in the list.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Select All|Selects the checkbox of all records in the list.|
```

|Unselect All|Clears the checkbox of all records in the list.|

> |Select All on This Page|Marks the checkbox of records on the current page.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Select All on This Page|Selects the checkbox of records on the current page.|
```

|Deselect All on This Page|Clears the checkbox of  records on the current page.|

## Method 2: Add Products by SKU

> 1. Click <span class="btn">Add Products</span> select **Add Products by SKU** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click <span class="btn">Add Products</span>

1. Select the **Add Products by SKU** tab.
```

> 1. Enter SKUs below, one per line, and click <span class="btn">Assign</span>. To discard the changes, click <span class="btn">Remove</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Enter SKUs below, one per line, and click <span class="btn">Assign</span>.

   To discard the changes, click <span class="btn">Remove</span>.
```

    ![]({% link images/images-ee/add-product-by-sku.png %}){: .zoom}
    _Add Products by SKU tab_

> 1. For approve changes click <span class="btn">Save and Close</span>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To apply your changes, click <span class="btn">Save and Close</span>.
```

Author: @leslietilling 
Thank you, done.
